Add comprehensive GitHub Copilot coding agent instructions for repository onboarding (#6546)
Automattic/vip-go-mu-plugins: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- `--multisite yes/no`: Enable multisite mode
- `--php VERSION`: PHP version
- `--filter PATTERN`: Run specific tests

The script creates a Docker network and MySQL container automatically. It will clean up on exit.

**Common Test Failures:**
- If Docker images aren't present, first run will download them (can take 5-10 minutes)
- Ensure Docker daemon is running
- Database connection failures: script waits up to 60 seconds for MySQL to start

### End-to-End Tests

E2E tests are in `__tests__/e2e/` using Playwright and TypeScript:

```bash
cd __tests__/e2e
npm ci
npx playwright install chromium
npm test  # Sets up environment, runs tests, tears down
```

**Note:** E2E tests require VIP CLI (`npm install -g @automattic/vip`). Tests automatically manage test environment lifecycle.

### Run All Quality Checks

```bash
npm run lint  # Runs both phplint and phpcs
```

## GitHub Actions CI Pipelines

All PRs to `develop` branch trigger these workflows:

1. **CI Workflow** (`.github/workflows/ci.yml`):
   - Runs PHPUnit tests across matrix of WP versions (6.4.x-nightly), PHP versions (8.1-8.4), multisite yes/no, Jetpack yes/no
   - Uses MySQL 8 service container

>    - Takes 30-45 minutes for full matrix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Takes about 10 minutes for full matrix
```

**Solution:** Use `composer install --no-interaction` flag. The default interactive mode can hang waiting for input.

### Problem: Tests Fail with "Class not found"
**Solution:** Ensure submodules are initialized: `git submodule update --init --recursive`

### Problem: PHPCS Runs Forever
**Solution:** PHPCS caches results. If it seems stuck, it may be scanning for the first time. Wait up to 60 seconds. Cache is stored in `.phpcs-cache` (gitignored).

### Problem: Docker Test Failures
**Solution:** 
- Ensure Docker daemon is running
- First run downloads images (5-10 min wait is normal)
- Check port 3306 isn't already in use
- Script automatically cleans up; if manually stopped, run `docker network prune`

### Problem: Pre-commit Hook Fails
**Solution:** Husky runs lint-staged which runs phplint + phpcs on staged PHP files. Fix reported issues or bypass with `git commit --no-verify` (not recommended).

### Problem: Changes to Submodule Code
**Solution:** Don't edit submodule code directly. These are external dependencies. If you need changes, they should be made in the source repository. Exception: test fixtures or local development overrides.

## Important Constraints

> 1. **PHP Version Support:** Code must work on PHP 7.4+. Avoid syntax/features exclusive to PHP 8.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **PHP Version Support:** Code must work on PHP 8.1+. Avoid syntax/features for older PHP versions.
```

2. **WordPress Compatibility:** Minimum WordPress 6.2 (`phpcs.xml.dist` line 65).

> 3. **No Breaking Changes to Public APIs:** This code runs on thousands of WordPress sites. Breaking changes to public functions/filters/actions require deprecation periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **No Breaking Changes to Public APIs:** This code runs on thousands of WordPress sites. Breaking changes to public functions/filters/actions require careful consideration, and if not possible to avoid, deprecation period and graceful fallbacks need to be implemented.
```
